hello everyone
um thanks for uh putting this
in the edge uh to talk about uh to
announce basically that uh there is
going to be a research workshop
happening in june
uh focusing on decentralizing the
internet with ipfs and filecoin
uh di2f for short
and this takes place this workshop
is going to take place together with
last biggest conferences in networking
academic conferences so this is really
your chance
to present your work to um
to academic audience get phd students
researchers
and academics interested in what you're
doing um and really shine in a
uh in this environment the topics as you
understand
are going to be very familiar to what is
being discussed in these meetups um can
we go
next slide please uh
and the topics include things like
improvement bfs protocol stack or file
going stock architectural proposals
uh they go beyond the strictly technical
things and someone uh could
very uh would be very welcome to discuss
socio-economic legal and regulatory
aspects
as well as applications so if you have
enough if you're building an application
that is going um
that is building on top of the ipfs
protocol stack or the file going stack
then you're more than welcome to present
that so
the contributions as you can understand
uh uh range from uh work in progress
paper
to a full academic paper six page long
where you can present some
improvement to a protocol present some
results show how
much faster things are done with your
contribution and so on uh there's also
going to be some competition so we're
going to announce some prizes at the end
and uh not at the end we're going to
announce competition at the end it's
going to run for
a couple of weeks after the workshop and
there is going to be some
prizes after that so next
slide please a quick thing on timelines
now is the time to start preparing your
submissions
uh the deadline for submissions is the
19th of march
so pretty much in a month basically then
we've put
up um a great technical program
committee that is going to judge
your contributions and whether they
are um great enough to be included
in the in the workshop program and the
workshop itself takes place on the 21st
of june
i'll paste the link in the chat uh so
that you can
have a look at the workshops uh web page
and
uh yeah get ready and tell your friends
as well
to get their words submitted to the
workshop
thank you